## Problem Set 04:  

__Due 10-11 (7 days)__

### Reading:
* [Eloquent JavaScript 3 (functions)](http://eloquentjavascript.net/03_functions.html)

### Reference:
* [MDN Canvas Reference](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API/Tutorial/Basic_usage)
* [Our starter html](../03/ps-03-starter.html)


### ps-04
The purpose of this weeks problem set is to get familiar with drawing with the Canvas. Also to practice working variables, loops and control structures.
* `2016-SWC/ps-04/index.html`.
  * Include your name, the date, and the problem set number (`ps-04`).
  * Include links to __each__ of the exercises below.
  * Style this index page using CSS.
  * 15 points.

#### b – 'broken grid':
* Create a *greyscale* composition using HTML and JavasScript Canvas that explores the concept of a 'grid'. Grids are by definition regular, repetitive, dull, and inert. Add interest by violating the grid in unexpected ways.  
* Your CSS, HTML, and JavaScript should be in separate files.
* If you are compelled by this assignment or make interesting discoveries provide links to up to 3 additional grid variations.

#### b – '33 non-intersecting lines'
* Create a *greyscale* composition using HTML and JavasScript using *exactly* 33 non-intersecting line segments. 
* Your CSS, HTML, and JavaScript should be in separate files.
* Stretch: also make a composition 333 non-intersecting lines.

#### c – '333 connected lines'
* Create a greyscale composition using HTML and JavasScript using exactly *333* lines. The lines should be connected end-to end. Lines may intersect or not as you see fit. 
* Your CSS, HTML, and JavaScript should be in separate files.
* Stretch: also make a composition of 3333 non-intersecting lines.

#### c (stretch) – 'Sketches → rules → Sketches':
* Create several geometric sketches on paper using a pencil or pen.
* Attempt to write the 'rules' that guided each sketch in english.
* Pick one sketch-rule and attempt to render it using canvas & JavaScript.


### Source of ps-03 starter:
```
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <title>canvas starter document</title>
    <style media="screen">
      body {
        font-family: 'helvetica', sans-serif;
        display: flex;
        align-items: center;
        justify-content: center;
        position: fixed;
        top: 0px;
        bottom: 0px;
        left: 0px;
        right: 0px;
      }
      canvas {
        border: 1px solid hsl(0,10%,90%);
        width: auto;
        height: 50%;
      }
    </style>
  </head>

  <body>
    <canvas id="canvas" width="500" height="500"></canvas>
  </body>

  <script type="text/javascript">
    var canvas = document.getElementById('canvas');
    var drawingPad = canvas.getContext('2d');
    drawingPad.fillStyle = "hsla(0,10%,10%,1)";
    drawingPad.fillRect(0, 0, 20, 20);
  </script>

</html>
```

<script>
$(document).ready(function () {
   solutions("ps-04");
});
</script>
